>> AND SHERROD BROWN DECIDING NOT TO RUN FOR PRESIDENT.
NOT TO RUN FOR PRESIDENT. WHEN "ALL IN" STARTS RIGHT NOW.
WHEN "ALL IN" STARTS RIGHT NOW. >>> GOOD EVENING FROM NEW YORK,
>>> GOOD EVENING FROM NEW YORK, I’M CHRIS HAYES, BREAKING NEWS
I’M CHRIS HAYES, BREAKING NEWS IN THE SCANDAL THAT IS ENGULFING
IN THE SCANDAL THAT IS ENGULFING FOX NEWS.
FOX NEWS. MORE AUDIO HAS BEEN UNEARTHED
MORE AUDIO HAS BEEN UNEARTHED WHICH WE HAVE HERE EXCLUSIVELY
WHICH WE HAVE HERE EXCLUSIVELY OF ONE OF THE CHANNEL’S PRIME
OF ONE OF THE CHANNEL’S PRIME TIME HOST USING A HOMOFOEBISM
TIME HOST USING A HOMOFOEBISM SLUR AND CALLING THE PEOPLE OF
SLUR AND CALLING THE PEOPLE OF IRAQ SEMI LITERAL PRIMITIVE
IRAQ SEMI LITERAL PRIMITIVE MONKEYS WHO HE HAD ZERO SYMPATHY
MONKEYS WHO HE HAD ZERO SYMPATHY BECAUSE THEY DON’T USE TOILET
BECAUSE THEY DON’T USE TOILET PAPER OR FORKS.
PAPER OR FORKS. SOME RACIALLY GROSS THINGS SAID
SOME RACIALLY GROSS THINGS SAID ABOUT BARACK AND MICHELLE OBAMA
ABOUT BARACK AND MICHELLE OBAMA AND THE AUDIO JUST BROKE AND
AND THE AUDIO JUST BROKE AND WE’LL SHOW YOU THAT SHORTLY.
WE’LL SHOW YOU THAT SHORTLY. THERE IS NEVER A MEDIA OUTLET
THERE IS NEVER A MEDIA OUTLET MORE IMPORTANT THAN FOX TO NEWS.
MORE IMPORTANT THAN FOX TO NEWS. HE WATCHES IT ALL DAY AND LIVE
HE WATCHES IT ALL DAY AND LIVE TWEETS "FOX AND FRIENDS" AND
TWEETS "FOX AND FRIENDS" AND SOMETIMES ON DELAY BECAUSE HE
SOMETIMES ON DELAY BECAUSE HE DVRs IT AND SENDS ADVERTISEMENTS
DVRs IT AND SENDS ADVERTISEMENTS FOR IT AND THEY RUN INTERFERENCE
FOR IT AND THEY RUN INTERFERENCE FOR HIM AND IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO
FOR HIM AND IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO KNOW WHERE ONE ENDS AND THE
KNOW WHERE ONE ENDS AND THE OTHER BEGINS.
OTHER BEGINS. LESS THAN A WEEK AGO DISGRACED
LESS THAN A WEEK AGO DISGRACED EXECUTIVE BILL SHINE WAS THE
EXECUTIVE BILL SHINE WAS THE WHITE HOUSE COMMUNICATIONS
WHITE HOUSE COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR BEFORE GETTING TURFED
DIRECTOR BEFORE GETTING TURFED OUT SO IF THE PRESIDENT SITS
OUT SO IF THE PRESIDENT SITS DOWN AT MAR-A-LARGO ON WHAT IS
DOWN AT MAR-A-LARGO ON WHAT IS GOING ON IN THE WORLD, THIS IS
GOING ON IN THE WORLD, THIS IS THE THING YOU MIGHT SEE.
THE THING YOU MIGHT SEE. >> OMAR WEARS A HIJAB WHICH
>> OMAR WEARS A HIJAB WHICH ACCORDING TO THE KORAN, 33 COLON
ACCORDING TO THE KORAN, 33 COLON 59 TELLS WOMEN TO COVER SO THEY
59 TELLS WOMEN TO COVER SO THEY WON’T GET MOLESTED.
WON’T GET MOLESTED. IS HER ADHERENCE TO THIS ISLAMIC
IS HER ADHERENCE TO THIS ISLAMIC DOCTRINE INDICATIVE TO HER
DOCTRINE INDICATIVE TO HER ADHERENCE TO SHARIA LAW WHICH IS
ADHERENCE TO SHARIA LAW WHICH IS ANTITHETICAL TO THE UNITED
ANTITHETICAL TO THE UNITED STATES CONSTITUTION.
STATES CONSTITUTION. >> IS HER RELIGION DEVOTION
>> IS HER RELIGION DEVOTION ANTITHETICAL TO THE U.S.
ANTITHETICAL TO THE U.S. CONSTITUTION?
CONSTITUTION? GREAT QUESTION.
GREAT QUESTION. THE ON THE FACE BIGOTED COMMENT
THE ON THE FACE BIGOTED COMMENT IS NOT OUT OF STEP WITH THE REST
IS NOT OUT OF STEP WITH THE REST OF THE RHETORIC AT FOX NEWS
OF THE RHETORIC AT FOX NEWS WHERE ANTI-MUSLIM IS PART OF THE
WHERE ANTI-MUSLIM IS PART OF THE PROGRAMMING.
PROGRAMMING. THEY SAID WE STRONGLY CONDEMN
THEY SAID WE STRONGLY CONDEMN JEANINE PIRRO’S COMMENTS ABOUT
JEANINE PIRRO’S COMMENTS ABOUT ILHAN OMAR AND WE HAVE ADDRESSED
ILHAN OMAR AND WE HAVE ADDRESSED THE MATTER WITH HER DIRECTLY.
THE MATTER WITH HER DIRECTLY. SHE SAID SHE DID NOT CALL HER
SHE SAID SHE DID NOT CALL HER UNAMERICAN, MY INTENTION WAS TO
UNAMERICAN, MY INTENTION WAS TO ASK A QUESTION AND START A
ASK A QUESTION AND START A DEBATE BUT OF COURSE BECAUSE ONE
DEBATE BUT OF COURSE BECAUSE ONE IS MUSLIM DOESN’T MEAN YOU DON’T
IS MUSLIM DOESN’T MEAN YOU DON’T SUPPORT THE CONSTITUTION.
SUPPORT THE CONSTITUTION. SHE’S JUST ASKING QUESTIONS,
SHE’S JUST ASKING QUESTIONS, PEOPLE.
PEOPLE. JUST PUTTING FORWARD IDEAS TO
JUST PUTTING FORWARD IDEAS TO DISCUSS LIKE TUCKER CARLSON
DISCUSS LIKE TUCKER CARLSON DOES.
DOES. HE’S ALWAYS JUST ASKING QUESTION
HE’S ALWAYS JUST ASKING QUESTION TZ.
TZ. NOT DEFENDING ANYTHING, JUST
NOT DEFENDING ANYTHING, JUST ASKING QUESTIONS.
ASKING QUESTIONS. >> I’M NOT DEFENDING TRUMP --
>> I’M NOT DEFENDING TRUMP -- >> PRESIDENT TRUMP SAID WHAT HE
>> PRESIDENT TRUMP SAID WHAT HE SAID ON THE TAPE.
SAID ON THE TAPE. I’M NOT DEFENDING IT.
I’M NOT DEFENDING IT. I’M NOT DEFENDING WHITE
I’M NOT DEFENDING WHITE SUPREMACY.
SUPREMACY. >> YOU DEFEND THE UGLINESS OF A
>> YOU DEFEND THE UGLINESS OF A LOT OF THINGS ONLINE.
LOT OF THINGS ONLINE. I’M NOT DEFENDING THE CREEPINESS
I’M NOT DEFENDING THE CREEPINESS ON THE INTERNET.
ON THE INTERNET. I HATE IT LIKE YOU DO.
I HATE IT LIKE YOU DO. >> AND EVERYONE KNOWS WHAT
>> AND EVERYONE KNOWS WHAT TUCKER IS DOING WHEN HE SAID
TUCKER IS DOING WHEN HE SAID THIS INCLUDING WHITE SUPREMACIST
THIS INCLUDING WHITE SUPREMACIST WHO RECENTLY LEAKED CHATS ARE
WHO RECENTLY LEAKED CHATS ARE PRAISING CARLSON FOR HOW HE
PRAISING CARLSON FOR HOW HE INJECTED IDEALS OF WHITE
INJECTED IDEALS OF WHITE NATIONALISM TO THE DISCOURSE
NATIONALISM TO THE DISCOURSE THROUGH THIS COWARDLY
THROUGH THIS COWARDLY DISASSOCIATION WITH HIS OWN
DISASSOCIATION WITH HIS OWN VIEWS BUT CARLSON HAS BEEN DOING
VIEWS BUT CARLSON HAS BEEN DOING THIS SHSTICK FOREVER.
THIS SHSTICK FOREVER. HE’S MADE ON SHOCK JOCK RADIO
HE’S MADE ON SHOCK JOCK RADIO BETWEEN 2006 AND 2011 ABOUT,
BETWEEN 2006 AND 2011 ABOUT, AMONG MANY OTHER THINGS, WHEN
AMONG MANY OTHER THINGS, WHEN CHILD RAPE IS OKAY AND
CHILD RAPE IS OKAY AND DEFENSIBLE.
DEFENSIBLE. YOU COULD TELL FROM LISTENING
YOU COULD TELL FROM LISTENING THEY ARE NOT MADE IN JEST.
THEY ARE NOT MADE IN JEST. >> WELL HE -- WARREN JEFFS
>> WELL HE -- WARREN JEFFS DIDN’T MARRY UND AGE GIRLS.
DIDN’T MARRY UND AGE GIRLS. >> HE’S IN PRISON FOR
>> HE’S IN PRISON FOR PRECIPITATION OF CHILD RAPE.
PRECIPITATION OF CHILD RAPE. >> WHATEVER THE HELL THAT MEANS.
>> WHATEVER THE HELL THAT MEANS. HE’S IN PRISON BECAUSE HE’S
HE’S IN PRISON BECAUSE HE’S WEIRD AND UNPOPULAR AND HAS A
WEIRD AND UNPOPULAR AND HAS A DIFFERENT LIFESTYLE THAT PEOPLE
DIFFERENT LIFESTYLE THAT PEOPLE FIND CREEPY.
FIND CREEPY. >> HE’S AN ACCESSORY TO A RAPE
>> HE’S AN ACCESSORY TO A RAPE OF CHILDREN AND THAT IS A FELONY
OF CHILDREN AND THAT IS A FELONY AND A SERIOUS ONE AT THAT.
AND A SERIOUS ONE AT THAT. >> WHAT DO YOU MEAN AN
>> WHAT DO YOU MEAN AN ACCESSORY?
ACCESSORY? HE’S GOT A WEIRD RELIGIOUS CULT
HE’S GOT A WEIRD RELIGIOUS CULT WHERE HE THINKS IT IS OKAY TO
WHERE HE THINKS IT IS OKAY TO MARY UNDERAGE GIRLS BUT HE
MARY UNDERAGE GIRLS BUT HE DIDN’T DO IT.
DIDN’T DO IT. WHY WOULD THE GUY WHO DID IT --
WHY WOULD THE GUY WHO DID IT -- HE SHOULD BE THE ONE DOING LIFE.
HE SHOULD BE THE ONE DOING LIFE. I’M NOT DEFENDING UNDERAGE
I’M NOT DEFENDING UNDERAGE MARRIAGE.
MARRIAGE. AT ALL.
AT ALL. I JUST DON’T THINK IT IS THE
I JUST DON’T THINK IT IS THE SAME THING EXACTLY AS PULLING A
SAME THING EXACTLY AS PULLING A CHILD FROM A BUS STOP AND SEXUAL
CHILD FROM A BUS STOP AND SEXUAL ASSAULTING A CHILD.
ASSAULTING A CHILD. THE RAPIST MADE A LIFE LONG
THE RAPIST MADE A LIFE LONG COMMITMENT TO TAKE CARE OF THE
COMMITMENT TO TAKE CARE OF THE PERSON.
PERSON. LET’S BE HONEST ABOUT.
LET’S BE HONEST ABOUT. >> BE HONEST ABOUT THE
>> BE HONEST ABOUT THE DISTINCTION BETWEEN RAPING A
DISTINCTION BETWEEN RAPING A CHILD ONCE AND THEN FORCIBLY
CHILD ONCE AND THEN FORCIBLY MAINTAINING YOUR CONTROL OVER
MAINTAINING YOUR CONTROL OVER THEM TO RAPE THEM AGAIN.
THEM TO RAPE THEM AGAIN. CARLSON WENT TO TWITTER AND DID
CARLSON WENT TO TWITTER AND DID NOT APOLOGIZE SAYING MEDIA
NOT APOLOGIZE SAYING MEDIA MATTERS CAUGHT ME SAYING
MATTERS CAUGHT ME SAYING SOMETHING ON A RADIO SHOW MORE
SOMETHING ON A RADIO SHOW MORE THAN A DECADE AGO AND WITH THE
THAN A DECADE AGO AND WITH THE USUAL RITUAL CONTRITION.
USUAL RITUAL CONTRITION. THE PRESIDENT OF THE GROUP THAT
THE PRESIDENT OF THE GROUP THAT UNCOVERED THAT OF MEDIA MATTERS
UNCOVERED THAT OF MEDIA MATTERS OF AMERICA AND YOU HAVE NEW
OF AMERICA AND YOU HAVE NEW AUDIO YOU JUST PUBLISHED THIS
AUDIO YOU JUST PUBLISHED THIS EVENING.
EVENING. >> YES.
>> YES. >> WHERE SHOULD WE START.
>> WHERE SHOULD WE START. THERE IS ONE CLIP IN WHICH HE
THERE IS ONE CLIP IN WHICH HE USED A HOMOPHOBIC SLUR.
USED A HOMOPHOBIC SLUR. I THINK THAT WE HAVE THAT WHICH
I THINK THAT WE HAVE THAT WHICH YOU’VE JUST PUBLISHED.
YOU’VE JUST PUBLISHED. TAKE A LISTEN.
TAKE A LISTEN. >> TUCK, DO YOU LIKE COMING ON
>> TUCK, DO YOU LIKE COMING ON WITH US.
WITH US. I LIKE YOU.
I LIKE YOU. I’M NOT TRYING TO [ BLEEP ] BUT
I’M NOT TRYING TO [ BLEEP ] BUT I LIKE YOU.
I LIKE YOU. >> WELL I LIKE YOU TOO.
>> WELL I LIKE YOU TOO. AND I MEAN THAT AND YOU SAY THAT
AND I MEAN THAT AND YOU SAY THAT IN A NON -- [ BLEEP ] BY I MEAN
IN A NON -- [ BLEEP ] BY I MEAN IT IN A [ BLEEP ] WAY.
IT IN A [ BLEEP ] WAY. >> WHAT STRUCK ME ABOUT THE
>> WHAT STRUCK ME ABOUT THE CLIPS WAS NOT JUST THE FACT THAT
CLIPS WAS NOT JUST THE FACT THAT THEY’RE SO CONSISTENT WITH THE
THEY’RE SO CONSISTENT WITH THE THINGS THAT HE SAYS NOW, BUT THE
THINGS THAT HE SAYS NOW, BUT THE COMFORT IN WHICH HE SAYS IT.
COMFORT IN WHICH HE SAYS IT. IS IT -- IT SOUNDS LIKE YOU’RE
IS IT -- IT SOUNDS LIKE YOU’RE SEEING THE REAL TUCKER CARLSON
SEEING THE REAL TUCKER CARLSON AND HOW PRIVATE HE IS AND LIVES
AND HOW PRIVATE HE IS AND LIVES BEHIND A DEEP VENEER AND I FEEL
BEHIND A DEEP VENEER AND I FEEL LIKE THAT’S THE REAL TUCKER AND
LIKE THAT’S THE REAL TUCKER AND THAT STRUCK ME, THE CASUALNESS
THAT STRUCK ME, THE CASUALNESS TO IT FEELS THAT IS NOT THE ONLY
TO IT FEELS THAT IS NOT THE ONLY TIME HE SAID THAT.
TIME HE SAID THAT. >> LET ME JUST SAY, THAT MY
>> LET ME JUST SAY, THAT MY POSITION ON THIS IS LIKE -- THE
POSITION ON THIS IS LIKE -- THE MORE INFORMATION THE BETTER AND
MORE INFORMATION THE BETTER AND PEOPLE SHOULD HEAR AND TUCKER
PEOPLE SHOULD HEAR AND TUCKER COULD DEFEND HIMSELF AND OWN THE
COULD DEFEND HIMSELF AND OWN THE THINGS HE SAYS.
THINGS HE SAYS. LIKE FOR INSTANCE, I HATE THE
LIKE FOR INSTANCE, I HATE THE WAR -- I’M NOT DEFENDING THE WAR
WAR -- I’M NOT DEFENDING THE WAR IN ANY WAY BUT JUST HAVE ZERO
IN ANY WAY BUT JUST HAVE ZERO SYMPATHY FOR THEM AS A CULTURE
SYMPATHY FOR THEM AS A CULTURE MEANING IRAQIS WHERE PEOPLE
MEANING IRAQIS WHERE PEOPLE DON’T USE TOILET PAPER OR FORKS.
DON’T USE TOILET PAPER OR FORKS. THIS IS HIM IN 2008.
THIS IS HIM IN 2008. THIS IS AFTER HUNDREDS OF
THIS IS AFTER HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF IRAQIS HAVE BEEN
THOUSANDS OF IRAQIS HAVE BEEN KILLED.
KILLED. IF I DIDN’T LIKE CANADA I
IF I DIDN’T LIKE CANADA I WOULDN’T CONSIDER IT WORTH
WOULDN’T CONSIDER IT WORTH INVADING.
INVADING. I MEAN, IRAQ IS A CRAPPI PLACE
I MEAN, IRAQ IS A CRAPPI PLACE FILLED WITH SEMI LITERAL MONKEYS
FILLED WITH SEMI LITERAL MONKEYS AND ISN’T WORTH INNOVATING.
AND ISN’T WORTH INNOVATING. THESE ARE HIS VIEWS AND THEY
THESE ARE HIS VIEWS AND THEY SHINE THROUGH.
SHINE THROUGH. >> AND THERE WAS A POINT WHERE
>> AND THERE WAS A POINT WHERE HE FACT -- A FANTASIZED ABOUT A
HE FACT -- A FANTASIZED ABOUT A PRESIDENT THAT PROMISED TO RAD
PRESIDENT THAT PROMISED TO RAD KATE -- ERADICATE MUSLIM.
KATE -- ERADICATE MUSLIM. >> HOW MUCH A CANDIDATE WOULD
>> HOW MUCH A CANDIDATE WOULD CATCH FIRE SAYING I’M SICK OF
CATCH FIRE SAYING I’M SICK OF P.C. CULTURE, I’M JUST GOING TO
P.C. CULTURE, I’M JUST GOING TO KILL MUSLIMS.
KILL MUSLIMS. >> AND IF YOU TIE THAT WITH HIS
>> AND IF YOU TIE THAT WITH HIS PROGRAMMING TODAY AND WHY YOU
PROGRAMMING TODAY AND WHY YOU SEE A WINKING AND NODDING BEFORE
SEE A WINKING AND NODDING BEFORE HIS SHOW EVEN LAUNCHED, WE FOUND
HIS SHOW EVEN LAUNCHED, WE FOUND HIS NEW PRODUCER GOESING INTO
HIS NEW PRODUCER GOESING INTO THE CHAT ROOM AND ANNOUNCING
THE CHAT ROOM AND ANNOUNCING THEIR THE -- THE PROGRAM WAS
THEIR THE -- THE PROGRAM WAS THERE AND INVITING IDEAS AND
THERE AND INVITING IDEAS AND THERE IS A SEGMENT THAT IS A TOP
THERE IS A SEGMENT THAT IS A TOP STORY ON THE CHAINS OR ONE OF
STORY ON THE CHAINS OR ONE OF THE COMMUNITIES BECAUSE EASEL
THE COMMUNITIES BECAUSE EASEL VATING IT -- EASEL VATING IT AND
VATING IT -- EASEL VATING IT AND GIVING IT AIR TIME.
GIVING IT AIR TIME. >> THIS IS THE DEVIL’S ADVOCATE,
>> THIS IS THE DEVIL’S ADVOCATE, THIS IS SAID 12 OR 13 YEARS AGO
THIS IS SAID 12 OR 13 YEARS AGO DURING HIS EMPLOYMENT AT THIS
DURING HIS EMPLOYMENT AT THIS NETWORK, NOT FOX NEWS.
NETWORK, NOT FOX NEWS. >> CORRECT.
>> CORRECT. >> AND THIS WAS SAID A LONG TIME
>> AND THIS WAS SAID A LONG TIME AGO AND YOU’RE DIGGING THIS UP
AGO AND YOU’RE DIGGING THIS UP BECAUSE YOU DON’T LIKE HIM ANY
BECAUSE YOU DON’T LIKE HIM ANY WAY?
WAY? >> THAT IS -- I UNDERSTAND WHY
>> THAT IS -- I UNDERSTAND WHY THAT IS THE CASE.
THAT IS THE CASE. IF THAT WAS THE CASE, WE JUST
IF THAT WAS THE CASE, WE JUST WANTED TO BOMBARD WITH
WANTED TO BOMBARD WITH EVERYTHING, I WOULD HAVE TAKEN
EVERYTHING, I WOULD HAVE TAKEN THE HUNDRED PLUS HOURS THAT WE
THE HUNDRED PLUS HOURS THAT WE LISTENED TO AND PLAYED A LOT OF
LISTENED TO AND PLAYED A LOT OF CLIPS BECAUSE HE SAID A LOT OF
CLIPS BECAUSE HE SAID A LOT OF THINGS THAT ARE OBJECTIONABLE.
THINGS THAT ARE OBJECTIONABLE. >> HE SAID STUFF YOU CHOSE NOT
>> HE SAID STUFF YOU CHOSE NOT TO PUBLISH.
TO PUBLISH. >> TONS OF IT.
>> TONS OF IT. WE DID IT PRECISELY BECAUSE OF
WE DID IT PRECISELY BECAUSE OF THAT.
THAT. I’M NOT BEING A NICE GUY AND
I’M NOT BEING A NICE GUY AND GIVE HIM A FAVOR BECAUSE THE
GIVE HIM A FAVOR BECAUSE THE ARGUMENT FOR PULLING THIS OUT
ARGUMENT FOR PULLING THIS OUT NOW IS, ONE, BECAUSE OF HIS
NOW IS, ONE, BECAUSE OF HIS RELATIONSHIP TO THE PRESIDENT
RELATIONSHIP TO THE PRESIDENT AND THE CONSUMPTION, TWO THAT I
AND THE CONSUMPTION, TWO THAT I THINK IT GIVES CONTEXT ANDIN
THINK IT GIVES CONTEXT ANDIN SIGHT -- INSIGHT INTO WHAT HE
SIGHT -- INSIGHT INTO WHAT HE DOES NIGHTLY ON THE PROGRAM AND
DOES NIGHTLY ON THE PROGRAM AND TO THE END THEY ENRICH THAT
TO THE END THEY ENRICH THAT UNDERSTANDING IT IS WORTHWHILE
UNDERSTANDING IT IS WORTHWHILE SO WE FOCUS ON THINGS HE SAID
SO WE FOCUS ON THINGS HE SAID REPEATEDLY AND ECHO HIS
REPEATEDLY AND ECHO HIS PROGRAMMING TODAY AND THAT MAKES
PROGRAMMING TODAY AND THAT MAKES IT MUCH MORE RELEVANT.
IT MUCH MORE RELEVANT. >> THERE IS A RIV ABOUT BARACK
>> THERE IS A RIV ABOUT BARACK OBAMA -- MICHELLE OBAMA ACTING
OBAMA -- MICHELLE OBAMA ACTING LIKE A, QUOTE, SISTER,
LIKE A, QUOTE, SISTER, EXCESSIVELY BLACK IN THE
EXCESSIVELY BLACK IN THE ESTIMATION OF THE CO-HOST AND
ESTIMATION OF THE CO-HOST AND TUCKER CARL SORN.
TUCKER CARL SORN. >> I THINK HE USED THE
>> I THINK HE USED THE CHARACTERIZATION GHETTO.
CHARACTERIZATION GHETTO. >> AND THE IDEA THAT BARACK
>> AND THE IDEA THAT BARACK OBAMA WOULD STILL BE A STATE
OBAMA WOULD STILL BE A STATE SENATOR IF HE WERE WHITE WHICH
SENATOR IF HE WERE WHITE WHICH IS ONE THING THAT WAS SAID AT A
IS ONE THING THAT WAS SAID AT A CERTAIN POINT.
CERTAIN POINT. SO THE RACIAL TY AND RAILING
SO THE RACIAL TY AND RAILING AGAINST THE CONGRESSIONAL BLACK
AGAINST THE CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS AND POLITICAL
CAUCUS AND POLITICAL CORRECTNESS.
CORRECTNESS. THE CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS
THE CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS EXISTS TO BLAME THE WHITE MAN
EXISTS TO BLAME THE WHITE MAN FOR EVERYTHING AND EVERYONE
FOR EVERYTHING AND EVERYONE KNOWS IT IS TRUE.
KNOWS IT IS TRUE. THAT IS THE KIND OF THING SAID
THAT IS THE KIND OF THING SAID ON HIS PROGRAM.
ON HIS PROGRAM. THIS IS NOT REVEALING ANYTHING
THIS IS NOT REVEALING ANYTHING ABOUT THE MAN’S CHARACTER VIEW.